Add README (#229)
mobilecoinofficial/full-service: validator/README.md

    IAS_MODE=PROD \
    CONSENSUS_ENCLAVE_CSS=$(pwd)/consensus-enclave.css \
    cargo build --release -p mc-validator-service
```

1. Run the LVN

TestNet example

```sh
./target/release/mc-validator-service \
        --ledger-db /tmp/ledger-db/ \
        --peer mc://node1.test.mobilecoin.com/ \
        --peer mc://node2.test.mobilecoin.com/ \
        --tx-source-url https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/mobilecoin.chain/node1.test.mobilecoin.com/ \
        --tx-source-url https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/mobilecoin.chain/node2.test.mobilecoin.com/ \
        --listen-uri insecure-validator://0.0.0.0:5554/
```

NOTE: the `insecure-` prefix indicates the connection is going over plaintext, as opposed to TLS.

At this point the LVN is running and accepting connections on port 5554.

1. Run full-service

```sh
    mkdir -p /tmp/wallet-db/
    ./target/release/full-service \
        --wallet-db /tmp/wallet-db/wallet.db \
        --ledger-db /tmp/ledger-db/ \
        --validator insecure-validator://127.0.0.1:5554/
        --fog-ingest-enclave-css $(pwd)/ingest-enclave.css
```

Notice how `--validator` replaced `--peer` and `--tx-source-url`.

## TLS between full-service and LVN

> The GRPC connection between `full-service` and `mc-ledger-validator` can optionally be TLS-encrypted. If you wish to use TLS for that, you'll a certificate file and the matching private key for it. For testing purposes you can generate your own self-signed certificate:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GRPC connection between `full-service` and `mc-ledger-validator` can optionally be TLS-encrypted. If you wish to use TLS for that, you'll need a certificate file and the matching private key for it. For testing purposes you can generate your own self-signed certificate:
```

into your certificate request.
What you are about to enter is what is called a Distinguished Name or a DN.
There are quite a few fields but you can leave some blank
For some fields there will be a default value,
If you enter '.', the field will be left blank.
-----
Country Name (2 letter code) []:US
State or Province Name (full name) []:California
Locality Name (eg, city) []:San Francisco
Organization Name (eg, company) []:My Test Company
Organizational Unit Name (eg, section) []:Test Unit
Common Name (eg, fully qualified host name) []:localhost
Email Address []:test@test.com
```

Note that the `Common Name` needs to match the hostname which you would be using to connect to the public side (that has the GRPC listening port).

Now, you can run the LVN with TLS enabled:
```sh
./target/release/mc-validator-service \
        --ledger-db /tmp/ledger-db/ \
        --peer mc://node1.test.mobilecoin.com/ \
        --peer mc://node2.test.mobilecoin.com/ \
        --tx-source-url https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/mobilecoin.chain/node1.test.mobilecoin.com/ \
        --tx-source-url https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/mobilecoin.chain/node2.test.mobilecoin.com/ \

>         --listen-uri "validator://0.0.0.0:5554/?tls-chain=server.crt&tls-key=server.key"

Reviewer 2: Same comment here about listening on 127.0.0.1

```
Notice that the `--listen-uri` argument has changed and points to the key and certificate you generated.

> Once the LVNis running, you will need to run `full-service`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the LVN is running, you will need to run `full-service`:
```

```sh
    mkdir -p /tmp/wallet-db/
    ./target/release/full-service \
        --wallet-db /tmp/wallet-db/wallet.db \
        --ledger-db /tmp/ledger-db/ \

>         --validator "validator://localhost:5554/?ca-bundle=server.crt&tls-hostname=localhost"

Reviewer 2: You might want to be consistent in localhost vs 127.0.0.1.  Up to you.
